Integrate monitoring SNS topic with Slack (#4011) (#4768)
DataBiosphere/azul: UPGRADING.rst

reverted. This is all fairly informal and loosely defined. Hopefully we won't
have too many entries in this file.

#4011 Integrate monitoring SNS topic with Slack
===============================================

Operator
~~~~~~~~

> Complete the following steps shortly before pushing the merge commit to the
> GitLab instance for any main deployment. Set up AWS Chatbot Slack client as
> `described <./README.md#313-aws-chatbot-integration-with-slack>`_ in the README.
> This has already been done for the ``platform-hca-dev`` account but is still
> needed for ``platform-anvil-dev`` and ``platform-hca-prod``.
> 
> Manually deploy the ``shared`` component in that deployment.

Reviewer: It is not clear what "that deployment" is referring to and whether `dev.shared` needs to be deployed.

```suggestion
Before pushing a merge commit with these changes to a GitLab instance, `set up AWS Chatbot`<./README.md#313-aws-chatbot-integration-with-slack>`_ in the AWS account hosting that instance. AWS Chatbot has already been set up in the ``platform-hca-dev`` account. Once AWS Chatbot is set up, manually deploy the ``shared`` component of the main deployment collocated with the GitLab instance you will be pushing to.
```

reverted. This is all fairly informal and loosely defined. Hopefully we won't
have too many entries in this file.

#4011 Integrate monitoring SNS topic with Slack
===============================================

Operator
~~~~~~~~

> Set up AWS Chatbot Slack client as `described

Reviewer: The timing could be specified more precisely. You should lead with when this should happen. Currently you're saying: "Do B. Then do C just before A." That should be "Just before A, do B and C."

> Complete the following steps before pushing the merge commit to the GitLab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete the following steps shortly before pushing the merge commit to the GitLab
```

> instance in any main deployment. Set up AWS Chatbot Slack client as `described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance for any main deployment. Set up AWS Chatbot Slack client as `described
```

> <./README.md#313-aws-chatbot-integration-with-slack>`_ in the README. This is
> done for the ``platform-hca-dev`` account but is still needed for
> ``platform-anvil-dev`` and ``platform-hca-prod``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<./README.md#313-aws-chatbot-integration-with-slack>`_ in the README. This has already been
done for the ``platform-hca-dev`` account but is still needed for
``platform-anvil-dev`` and ``platform-hca-prod``.
```

Once Chatbot is set up, manually deploy the ``shared`` component in that

> deployment.

Reviewer: It's ambiguous if this is already done or still needed for platform-hca-dev.

Author: I removed the first sentence. And there's also the PR checklist item "Follow upgrading instructions for `dev.shared`" which I hope rids of ambiguity.

reverted. This is all fairly informal and loosely defined. Hopefully we won't
have too many entries in this file.

#4011 Integrate monitoring SNS topic with Slack
===============================================

Operator
~~~~~~~~

> Set up AWS Chatbot Slack client, `described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up AWS Chatbot Slack client as `described
```

> <./README.md#313-aws-chatbot-integration-with-slack>`_ in our README. This has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<./README.md#313-aws-chatbot-integration-with-slack>`_ in the README. This has
```

> been done for the `platform-hca-dev` account and remains to be configured for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
already been done for the `platform-hca-dev` account but is still needed for
```

> `platform-hca-anvildev` and `platform-hca-prod`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`platform-anvil-dev` and `platform-hca-prod`.
```

> Follow these steps to deploy for ``dev.shared``, ``anvildev.shared``, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon completion of the above, follow these steps to deploy for ``dev.shared``, ``anvildev.shared``, and
```

Reviewer: What about `prod`? I don't think you need to mention each deployment. Make sure checklist items exist for these steps.

``prod.shared``::

    _select dev.shared

>     make -C $project_root/terraform/shared apply

Reviewer: Take a look at the section right below this one on how to avoid the specifics. The operator should know how to deploy the `shared` component.

have too many entries in this file.

#4011 Integrate monitoring SNS topic with Slack
===============================================

This change configures AWS Chatbot integration with Slack using AWS
CloudFormation. That being the most viable option for programmatic configuration

> of AWS Chatbot given the lack of API support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

None of this is relevant for the purpose of upgrading. The second sentence is a fragment.

pushing the merge commit to the GitLab instance in that deployment.

#4011 Integrate monitoring SNS topic with Slack
===============================================

Operator
~~~~~~~~

Set up AWS Chatbot Slack client as `described
<./README.md#313-aws-chatbot-integration-with-slack>`_ in the README. This has
already been done for the `platform-hca-dev` account but is still needed for
`platform-anvil-dev` and `platform-hca-prod`.

Upon completion of the above, manually deploy the ``shared`` component of any
main deployment just before pushing the merge commit to the GitLab instance in
that deployment.

> 

Reviewer 2: Move to the top of the file.
